Changelog update for `v1.110.0` (#764)
pulsar-edit/pulsar: CHANGELOG.md

- Project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html)

## [Unreleased]

## 1.110.0

- Made the modification of `editor.preferredLineLength` configurable within `wrap-guide` when changing `wrap-guide.columns`
- Fixed Snippets from `language-php` that would lose the `$` character
- Fixed a condition where an invalid config may crash Pulsar before fully starting up, but not registering that it's crashed
- Reduced error notifications that may appear from `autocomplete-html` when handling EJS files
- Fixed macOS binary signing after moving over to GitHub Actions for CI

> - Updated PPM to a newer `node-gyp` allowing newer versions of C++ toolkits to be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated PPM to a newer `node-gyp`, allowing newer versions of C/C++ compiler toolchains and Python to be used (also dropped support for Python 2.x!)
```
